Q6 To start slide show of a presentation
Q6 Which file format can be added to a PowerPoint show?
Q6 In Microsoft PowerPoint, two kinds of sound effects files that can be added to the presentation are
Q6 Material consisting of text and numbers is best presented as
Q6 What is a motion path?
Q6 In order to edit a chart, you can
Q6 To exit the PowerPoint
Q6 To preview a motion path effect using the custom animation task pane, you should
Q6 You can create a new presentation by completing all of the following except
Q6 To select one hyperlink after another during a slide presentation, what do you press?
Q6 special effects used to introduce slides in a presentation are called
Q6 What is the term used when you press and hold the left mouse key and more the mouse around the slide?
Q6 Which of the following toolbars provide different options in various master views?
Q6 How can you create a uniform appearance by adding a background image to all slides?
Q6 Which option on the custom animation task pane allows you to apply a preset or custom motion path?
Q6 What is the term used when a clip art image changes the direction of faces?
Q6 The slide that is used to introduce a topic and set the tone for the presentation is called the
Q6 Which of the following features should you use when typing in the notes text box?
Q6 Which option allows you to select line, curve, freeform or scribble tools?
Q6 Which of the following should be used when you want to add a slide to an existing presentation?
Q6 Which of the following is the default page setup orientation of slide in PowerPoint
Q6 Want a PowerPoint photo album slide show to play continuously?
Q6 what is defined by the handout master?
Q6 Which of the following tool enables you to add text to a slide without using the standard placeholders?
Q6 In notes master view, how do you modify the font size of text for all hte  notes of a presentation?
Q6 Want your logo in the same position on every slide, automatically? Insert it on the
Q6 Objects on the slide that hold text are called
